♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Marshall] "Pups Save A Bat!"
[all laughing]
Can't catch me! [laughs]
[howls]
Where'd he go?
[Chase chuckles]
[grunts]
[laughs] Got ya!
[giggles] Tag, you're it!
[laughs]
Got it, Katie!
Okay, Ryder, as far as you can throw it.
Here it goes!
Whoa…
I got it! I got it!
[barks]
I'm gonna get it!
Whoa!
-[barks]
-[both laugh]
I can't believe
we've been playing all afternoon
without you and the pups
racing off to an emergency.
-Yeah, it's been really--
-[phone rings]
[both] Uh-oh.
-[beeps]
-Hi, Mayor Goodway.
[Goodway] Hello, Ryder.
We have a huge problem at City Hall.
I can't ring the bell.
Why not?
Someone is sleeping under it.
Uh-oh, ringing the bell
would scare that little bat for sure.
But Chickaletta won't wake up from her nap
until she hears that bell.
[clucks]
Don't worry. We can help.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
[beeps]
-PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
-[all] Ryder needs us!
Uh… Frisbee or Lookout?
-Frisbee or Lookout?
-[all barking]
[gasps] Both!
[laughs] Watch out!
[barks]
[grunts]
Frisbee and Lookout.
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[clears throat]
[chuckles] Oh yeah.
[beeps]
Thanks for hurrying, pups.
A baby bat is asleep at City Hall,
hanging from the bell.
This kind of bat usually lives
with lots of other bats.
If he's alone, he's probably lost.
[all gasp]
We need to help him
get back home to his family.
[beeps]
Marshall, I need you to climb up
to the bell with a pet carrier.
Be careful not to wake the bat.
Why not?
Bats are nocturnal. They sleep in the day.
Besides, it's a lot easier
to catch a sleeping bat.
Ready for a ruff-ruff rescue!
-[whispers] Oh, I mean… ruff-ruff rescue.
-[all chuckle]
[beeps]
Chase, I need you ready with your net,
in case the little bat starts to fly off.
Chase is on the case!
I mean… [whispers] …on the case.
[all laugh]
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-[laughs] Whoa! Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
[howls]
-Whoa!
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[siren blares]
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
[clucks]
[Goodway] Chickaletta, dear,
it's past noon. Time to wakey-wakey.
[clucks]
[siren blares]
Oh, Ryder, thank you for coming.
No problem.
Marshall, put your ladder
up to the bell tower.
Chase, get ready with your net,
but quietly.
[barking quietly]
[beeping]
Remember, quietly.
Got it.
[barks quietly] Ladder up.
Net cannon. [barks quietly]
[panting]
Okay, Chase,
about to put him in the carrier.
Shh! Don't wake him.
-What?
-[sighs]
Megaphone. [barks]
[loudly] Don't wake him!
-Uh-oh.
-[screeches]
Bat on the loose!
Oh! Ee! Oh! Ow!
Oops. [grunts]
Marshall, are you okay?
-Whoa!
-[screeches]
I got him!
[barks] Net!
[screeches]
[chuckles] That didn't go so well.
Sorry, Ryder. We let him get away.
And I think we woke him up.
[chuckles] That's okay, pups.
We'll find him.
At least now you can ring the bell.
Excellent.
-[beeps]
-[bell rings]
Love this remote control bell ringing app.
[bell rings]
[yawns]
[clucks]
Oh, thank goodness.
Chickaletta's awake
and ready for her snack.
[clucks]
How will we find the bat now?
-Good question.
-[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Hi, Katie.
Ryder, we can't finish our soccer game.
There's a bat hanging upside-down
from the soccer net.
-We're on our way!
-[beeps]
Hi, Ryder.
Skye, I need you to find the bat cave.
We need to get this little guy home.
Roger that. Let's take to the Skye!
[sirens blaring]
Chase, secure the area around the bat.
Let's let him sleep this time.
Chase is on the case!
Thanks for coming, Ryder.
We can't play soccer
with him hanging there.
Yeah, bats are for baseball, not soccer.
[all laugh]
Don't worry.
We'll get the little guy home.
[beeps]
Skye, have you found anything?
Hang on, Ryder.
[gasps]
I see a cave!
[barks] Night vision goggles!
Bats! This must be the cave!
I knew you'd find it, Skye.
Now we just have to get
the bat into the carrier.
-[squawking]
-Uh-oh.
[squawks]
Shh! Don't wake the bat.
Shoo! Go find another perch.
-Shoo!
-[squawks]
-[Ryder] Everything okay?
I don't know.
The bat's waking up.
Hang on.
♪ Rock-a-bye, batty
Ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff ♪
[snores]
-[whispers] I think it worked.
-Nice work, Chase. Come on.
Pull 'er up, Marshall.
[beeping]
[Marshall] Easy, easy…
Got it!
[Ryder] Good job, Marshall.
[siren blaring]
[sighs] We can't get any farther
and the bat cave is up there.
[beeps]
Skye, can you lift
the carrier up to the cave?
We'll climb up and meet you there.
Roger that, Ryder.
[barks]
[squeaks]
Let's go, Chase!
[panting]
Skye!
Got it!
You're home, little friend.
-[squeaks]
-Come on, little bat.
Isn't this where you live?
[squeaks]
[eagle screeches]
[screeches]
The eagle, it's nest must be around here.
Hey, looks like it lives
up on the rocks there.
That's why the bat
won't fly back into his cave.
He's afraid of the eagle.
Poor little bat.
Hmm… We need to find
another entrance to the caves.
Skye?
On it! [barks]
Ryder, I found another
opening in the rock wall!
-I'm on my way!
-[barks]
[Ryder] I hope this opening
goes to where the other bats are.
Watch your step.
[Chase] All I see is a bunch of eyes
and they're kind of scary.
Chase, low beam.
[barks]
Wow! Look at all the bats!
[Ryder] Here you go, little guy.
[squeaks]
[chattering]
Aw! They sound happy to see him.
Now the little bat can finally
get a good night's sleep.
Probably not. Since bats are nocturnal,
they look for food at night.
These bats are about to wake up. See?
[screeching]
[all] Cool!
Ready, Marshall?
I'm fired up!
-Go, Marshall!
-Marshall, yeah!
[barks]
That's the last throw
and then it's time for bed!
-Aw!
-Do we have to?
We can play more tomorrow.
[squeaks]
Hey, pups, look!
It's our little bat friend.
Ryder, can we have
a sleep out with the little bat?
Yeah, can we?
Hmm… Well, you're such good pups,
of course you can!
-Yay!
-Yes!
-[all cheering]
-[squeaks]
Hey, where's Marshall?
Here I come! Whoa!
[grunts]
-Oops.
-[squeaks]
[snores]
I guess when you're
as tired as that little bat,
you can sleep no matter what time it is.
Goodnight, pups. Goodnight, little bat.
[all snoring]
[theme song playing]